ticdc: add binary_encoding_method to openapi v2 (#14596)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-open-api-v2.md

| `level`          | `STRING` type. The consistency level of the replicated data. (Optional)    |
| `max_log_size`   | `UINT64` type. The maximum value of redo log. (Optional)      |
| `storage`        | `STRING` type. The destination address of the storage. (Optional)            |
| `use_file_backend` | `BOOL` type. Specifies whether to store the redo log in a local file. (Optional) |
| `encoding_worker_num` | `INT` type. The number of encoding and decoding workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |
| `flush_worker_num`    | `INT` type. The number of flushing workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `level`          | `STRING` type. The consistency level of the replicated data. (Optional)    |
| `max_log_size`   | `UINT64` type. The maximum value of redo log. (Optional)      |
| `storage`        | `STRING` type. The destination address of the storage. (Optional)            |
| `use_file_backend` | `BOOL` type. Specifies whether to store the redo log in a local file. (Optional) |

> | `encoding_worker_num` | `INT` type. The number of encoding workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `encoding_worker_num` | `INT` type. The number of encoding and decoding workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |
```

| `level`          | `STRING` type. The consistency level of the replicated data. (Optional)    |
| `max_log_size`   | `UINT64` type. The maximum value of redo log. (Optional)      |
| `storage`        | `STRING` type. The destination address of the storage. (Optional)            |

> | `encoding_worker_num` | `INT` type, The number of encoding workers in redo. (Optional)             |
> | `flush_worker_num`    | `INT` type, The number of flushing workers in redo. (Optional)             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `use_file_backend` | `BOOL` type. Specifies whether to store the redo log in a local file. (Optional) |
| `encoding_worker_num` | `INT` type. The number of encoding workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |
| `flush_worker_num`    | `INT` type. The number of flushing workers in the redo module. (Optional)             |
```

| `transaction_atomicity` | `STRING` type. The atomicity level of the transaction. (Optional)                                                                                                                                              |
| `only_output_updated_columns` | `BOOLEAN` type. For MQ sinks using the `canal-json` or `open-protocol` protocol, you can specify whether only output the modified columns. The default value is `false`. (Optional) |

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | Parameter name | Description |

Reviewer: 同中文比， L337 后面少了 `only_output_updated_columns` 和 `cloud_storage_config`

| Parameter name | Description |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------------------|
| `delimiter`              | `STRING` type. The character used to separate fields in the CSV file. The value must be an ASCII character and defaults to `,`.     |
| `include_commit_ts`      | `BOOLEAN` type. Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is `false`. |
| `null`                   | `STRING` type. The character that is displayed when a CSV column is null. The default value is `\N`. |
| `quote`                  | `STRING` type. The quotation character used to surround fields in the CSV file. If the value is empty, no quotation is used. The default value is `"`. |

> | `binary_encoding_method` | `STRING` type. The encoding method of binary data, which can be 'base64' or 'hex'. The default value is 'base64'. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `binary_encoding_method` | `STRING` type. The encoding method of binary data, which can be `"base64"` or `"hex"`. The default value is `"base64"`. |
```

| `partition` | `STRING` type. The target partition for dispatching events.    |
| `topic`     | `STRING` type. The target topic for dispatching events.        |

> `sink.cloud_storage_config`  parameters are described as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sink.cloud_storage_config`  parameters are described as follows:

```

| Parameter name | Description |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------------------|

> | `worker_count`   | `INT` type, Concurrency for saving data changes to cloud storage in the downstream.  |
> | `flush_interval`   | `STRING` type, Interval for saving data changes to cloud storage in the downstream. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `worker_count`   | `INT` type. The concurrency for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage.  |
| `flush_interval`   | `STRING` type. The interval for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage. |
```

> | `file_size`   | `INT` type, a data change file is stored to cloud storage if the number of bytes exceeds the value of this parameter. |
> | `file_expiration_days`   | `INT` type, The retention duration of the file, which takes effect only when date-separator is configured to day. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `file_size`   | `INT` type. A data change file is saved to the cloud storage when the number of bytes in this file exceeds the value of this parameter. |
| `file_expiration_days`   | `INT` type. The duration to retain files, which takes effect only when `date-separator` is configured as day. |
```

> | `file_cleanup_cron_spec`   | `STRING` type, This parameter controls the running period of the scheduled clearing task. It is compatible with the crontab configuration and the format is `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `file_cleanup_cron_spec`   | `STRING` type. The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`. |
```

> | `flush_concurrency`   | `INT` type, The concurrency of uploading a single file.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flush_concurrency`   | `INT` type. The concurrency for uploading a single file. |
```

| `partition` | `STRING` type. The target partition for dispatching events.    |
| `topic`     | `STRING` type. The target topic for dispatching events.        |

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

`sink.cloud_storage_config`  parameters are described as follows:

| Parameter name | Description |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------------------|
| `worker_count`   | `INT` type. The concurrency for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage.  |
| `flush_interval`   | `STRING` type. The interval for saving data changes to the downstream cloud storage. |
| `file_size`   | `INT` type. A data change file is saved to the cloud storage when the number of bytes in this file exceeds the value of this parameter. |
| `file_expiration_days`   | `INT` type. The duration to retain files, which takes effect only when `date-separator` is configured as `day`. |

> | `file_cleanup_cron_spec`   | `STRING` type. The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `Second | Minute | Hour | Dom | Month | DowOptional`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `file_cleanup_cron_spec`   | `STRING` type. The running cycle of the scheduled cleanup task, compatible with the crontab configuration, with a format of `Second \| Minute \| Hour \| Dom \| Month \| DowOptional`. |
```
